{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 BitstreamVeraSansMono-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red191\green191\blue191;\red191\green191\blue191;}
\vieww33400\viewh21000\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf2 # Notes Concerning the Objects that are on my Work Machine\
\
  My work machine, my closest ally, my worst enemy.  A thing of beauty, demanding little, offering to grant me wishes.  An everyday comfort, a warm glow on a chilly evening, always an ear to listen, ever at my beck and call.\
  \
   My desktop is forever covered, not littered with the flake-like icons (mostly the remains of one night stands and late-night investigations), but buried deep, deep down, beyond windows, sedimentary layers, crushed beneath the surface of the screen.  It is a hidden treasure that every so often I will stumble upon, almost by chance, surprising myself with a nearly forgotten photo, or \'97 worse yet \'97 a nameless galaxy, supplied by the maker (Mr. Jobs himself, I like to think).  Thereon lies an odd mix of unlikely friends, arriving one at a time from opposite ends of a spectrum: either an item of the most urgent importance, or of no importance at all.\
   \
   It is not always easy to tell at a glance to which end any particular item belongs, and, as we age together, my Work Machine and I, it becomes harder still.  There are the unfortunate many, who, starting at the top of the ladder, slide \'97 some quickly, some less so \'97 to the bottom, eventually to be lumped in with those who were born into their lowly positions.  As an example, those once-new compositions, which I was certain were destined to become staples of my daily ritual, and which I've opened not more than a half dozen times since their inception.  And of course there are also the lucky few who begin as refuse, or have ended up on there by accident, which manage to finally make themselves useful, or turn up just in the knick of time, instantly becoming worthy of adoption by a willing parent folder.\
   \
   Roughly once a year there is a deliberate culling of the Desktop herd, a crude but necessary measure enacted to control the population.  The winnowing is always followed by a repositioning and reordering (by name, as the alphabet is my preferred index), and is met with great satisfaction for that short period of time before which the inevitable sediment returns, and the herd begins to grow anew.\
  \
   As a whole, the Desktop creatures have a predictable lifestyle.  Regionally, they maintain a preference for the northeast, always yearning to be as close to the top-right corner as they can (alphabetically speaking).  Whether they've simply emerged from the aether into their new home, saved there in a hurried moment of downloading, or were dragged there haphazardly (willing or no), the survivors all begin their slow migration in that direction.  With every culling, a new set of opportunities arises for them; some will slide with grace towards the left, towards the top, while the luckiest of the bunch may even find new homes.\
          \
   It is no surprise that in the bowels of this beast, my mask and my extension, there exists a place known as 'jon.'  (You'll note the use of lowercase. This ensures that we two do not get confused, and helps me to remind myself that I, in fact, am the one in charge.)  This 'user home' is somehow my reflection, a collection of bits and pieces that describe, in part, the way I am.  Unlike the land of Desktop, jon is tightly organized, containing a deep hierarchy of files and folders within files and folders within files and folders, ad infinitum.  Upon entering this realm, some structure is readily apparent (though, admittedly, perhaps less so to one who's image this mirror does not so readily reflect as my own).  \
   The first thing to recognize is that the top most level of jon, ignoring those ghost-like members with period-prefixed names^1, is composed entirely of folders.  That is to say that unlike the Desktop, where files are often strewn about carelessly, commingling with their folder brethren, in jon the law of the land states clearly that all files must be contained within folders, and that each folder's name should clearly announce the category, whether broad or specific, of the files it contains.  An attempt has been made to adhere strictly to this folder-based taxonomy, and although new categories do join the crowd from time to time, out of necessity (or, occasionally, carelessness), most often an existing home can be found for newcomers to the region.  Some examples of categories I've chosen: Artwork, ARCHIVE, Development, Electronics, \cf3 Projects, SfPC, \cf2 Workshops.  \
	\
	\
	A few other considerations:\
	\
	1) In a peculiar twist of fate and space-time, on the Desktop is the hard disk, in which lies the user home jon, in which lies the Desktop, etc.\
	\
	2) The hierarchical taxonomy used to organize files and folders is an anachronism that should have been long-since discarded.  It is artificial, and is more of a hinderance than a boon when navigating to an item on the computer.  As such, tools have emerged which circumvent the need to drill down into folder after folder, replacing this action with a quick set of keystrokes enabling the  immediate retrieval of any file or application.  I predict that as computer interfaces continue to evolve, the construct of the hierarchy will fall away in favor of a flat, metadata-based structure.\
	\
	In certain areas of the Desktop, it is possible to drill and extract the great riches that exist yet further down.  \
\
   \
You whip my back and burn my eyes, break my wrists and drain my mind.  You keep me from my friends, you bring me to my friends.  \
\
You provide for me, and in exchange I feed you my time.\
\
a trusted \'97mostly trusted \'97 .\
}